[draft v2] AutoPipeline (#4138)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/auto_pipeline.mdx

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# AutoPipeline

> In many cases, one checkpoint can be used for multiple tasks. You may be able the same checkpoint for Text-to-Image, Image-to-Image and Inpainting, as long as you know which pipelines are linked to your checkpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, one checkpoint can be used for multiple tasks. You may be able to use the same checkpoint for Text-to-Image, Image-to-Image and Inpainting, as long as you know which pipelines are linked to your checkpoint. For example, the [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-0.9](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-0.9) checkpoint can be used for both Text-to-Image and Inpainting. 
```

> AutoPipeline is designed to help you switch between different tasks seamlessly using the same checkpoint. It automatically retrieve the relevant pipeline for the task your want to perform, given the name/path to the pretrained weights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AutoPipeline` API is designed to help you switch between different tasks seamlessly using the same checkpoint. It automatically retrieves the relevant pipeline for the task your want to perform, given the name/path to the pretrained weights.

Check out the examples below to learn more!
```
